MTA-6811, 6812, 6813, 6814, 6815, 6816 CQA April Developer Lightspeed work (#357)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/developer-lightspeed/con_intro-to-developer-lightspeed.adoc

:context: intro-to-the-developer-lightspeed

[role="_abstract"]

> Starting from 8.0.0, {ProductFullName} integrates with large language models (LLM) through the {mta-dl-full} plugin in the Visual Studio Code extension. You can use {mta-dl-plugin} to apply LLM-assisted code changes to resolve issues that static code analysis identifies in Java applications.

Reviewer: No need to mention the version. DL is only available with 8.0, so it is not an update. It's a new feature in 8.0. Thus, the version is redundant here. Also, please, check the character count for this short description. It should not exceed ~300 or 350 characters.
```suggestion
The {ProductFullName} integrates with large language models (LLM) through the {mta-dl-full} plugin in the Visual Studio Code extension. You can use {mta-dl-plugin} to apply LLM-assisted code changes to resolve issues that static code analysis identifies in Java applications.
```

Author: Ok, rewrote to reduce word count  :+1:

[id="use-case-ai-code-fix_{context}"]
== Use case for AI-driven code fixes

{ProductFirstRef} performs the static code analysis for a specified target technology to which you want to migrate your applications. Red Hat provides 2400+ analysis rules in {ProductShortName} for various Java technologies and you can extend the ruleset for custom frameworks or new technologies by creating custom rules.

> The static code analysis describes the issues in your code that you must resolve. As you perform analysis for a large portfolio of applications, the issue description and the rule definition that may contain additional information form a large corpus of data that has repetitive patterns of problem definitions and  solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The static code analysis describes the issues in your code that you must resolve. As you perform analysis for a large portfolio of applications, the issue description and the rule definition that may contain additional information form a large corpus of data that has repetitive patterns of problem definitions and solutions.
```

> Migrators do duplicate work by resolving issues that repeat across applications in different migration waves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrators duplicate work by resolving issues that repeat across applications in different migration waves.
```

[id="how-developerlightspped-works_{context}"]
== Red{nbsp}Hat Developer Lightspeed for {ProductShortName} overview

{mta-dl-plugin} works by collecting and storing the changes in the code for a large collection of applications, finding context to generate prompts for the LLM of your choice, and by generating code resolutions that the LLM produces to address specific issues.

> {mta-dl-plugin} augments the manual changes that you make to code throughout your organization in different migration waves and creates a context for a large language model (LLM). The LLM suggests code resolutions based on the issue description, context, and earlier examples of code changes to resolve issues. 

Reviewer: Check tech accuracy, please:
```suggestion
The {mta-dl-plugin} uses your manual code changes to build context for a large language model (LLM). The LLM then suggests code resolutions based on the issue, context, and solved examples.
```
